when a super yacht builder builds a
little 60 footer what kind of things do
they make happen well here's one example
this Cabana on the bow which you can
have nicely shading you or fold it away
the boat has tremendous amount of space
on three levels here on the flybridge in
addition to the helmsman seat they're
seating for at least 12 very comfortable
passengers and there's a full galley to
starboard the spacious main deck it has
a family style to it featuring a central
galley helm station to port and a nice
living area on the lower deck there are
three staterooms including this
expansive full beam master here's the
last of the nice spaces on this boat the
aft cockpit now what you can't see on
this boat is the resin infused foam
glass sandwich construction which is
very advanced and you also can't
experience at the Boat Show where we are
today the kind of speeds this boat will
do which is 30 plus knots what you can
do is go to boats calm and read my full
review
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters